kano-splash/README.md, before:

### Kano Splash

Kano Splash tool allows to show alert messages on top of all applications very fast!

This directory builds kano-splash and kano-get-start-time.

The former is derived from pngview in https://github.com/AndrewFromMelbourne/raspidmx which uses low-level rpi gpu apis.

### Usage

kano-splash can be added as a command line interpreter to launch a splash screen. Eg, change

```
#!/usr/bin/env python 
```

to 

```
#!/usr/bin/kano-splash /usr/share/kano-foo/splash/png /usr/bin/env python 
```

If the second argument points to a directory instead of a png file, it is treated as a short animation video.
The folder must contain a sequence of png files that make up the frames of the animation, with these considerations:

 * The files must all share the same size, colorspace and alpha channel.
 * The filenames must be named in a way that are alphabetically sorted, i.e. frame-001.png, frame-002.png, etc.
 * Use the alpha channel to make the animation transparent on top of all apps.

The app mush then call `system("kano-stop-splash")` to stop the splash (or wait for it to time out at 15 seconds).
In the case of animations, it will be played in an endless loop until the `kano-stop-splash` tool is called.

Alternatively, the app can call

```
 $ kano-start-splash -b <alpha> -t  <timeout> <splashfile>
```

It must then save the PID and start time so that kano-stop-splash can determine which process to signal.
This is how to do that in bash:

```
SPLASH_PID=$!
SPLASH_START_TIME=$(kano-get-start-time $SPLASH_PID)
export SPLASH_PID SPLASH_START_TIME
```

###Testing

Use the `test_splash.sh` script to test it on the RaspberryPI. Change the second argument in the shebang
to either point to a static image or a folder containing a png animation.

Enjoy!

Commit message:

Adding assets for kano-splash app load animation (#262)
* Adding assets for kano-splash app load animation

* Added possibility to specify animation keywords instead of hardcoded paths

* Fixed bug in array size, removed debug statements

kano-splash/README.md, after:

### Kano Splash

Kano Splash tool allows to show alert messages on top of all applications very fast!

This directory builds kano-splash and kano-get-start-time.

The former is derived from pngview in https://github.com/AndrewFromMelbourne/raspidmx which uses low-level rpi gpu apis.

### Usage

kano-splash can be added as a command line interpreter to launch a splash screen. Eg, change

```
#!/usr/bin/env python 
```

to 

```
#!/usr/bin/kano-splash /usr/share/kano-foo/splash/png /usr/bin/env python 
```

If the second argument points to a directory instead of a png file, it is treated as a short animation video.
The folder must contain a sequence of png files that make up the frames of the animation, with these considerations:

 * The files must all share the same size, colorspace and alpha channel.
 * The filenames must be named in a way that are alphabetically sorted, i.e. frame-001.png, frame-002.png, etc.
 * Use the alpha channel to make the animation transparent on top of all apps.

In addition, animation keywords can be specified instead, avoiding the need to establish hard coded paths
between applications and kano-splash.

If you specify `loader-animation` as the second argument, kano-splash will load the path for you.
See the kano-splash.c source to find or add more animation keywords.

The app mush then call `system("kano-stop-splash")` to stop the splash (or wait for it to time out at 15 seconds).
In the case of animations, it will be played in an endless loop until the `kano-stop-splash` tool is called.

Alternatively, the app can call

```
 $ kano-start-splash -b <alpha> -t  <timeout> <splashfile>
```

It must then save the PID and start time so that kano-stop-splash can determine which process to signal.
This is how to do that in bash:

```
SPLASH_PID=$!
SPLASH_START_TIME=$(kano-get-start-time $SPLASH_PID)
export SPLASH_PID SPLASH_START_TIME
```

###Testing

Use the `test_splash.sh` script to test it on the RaspberryPI. Change the second argument in the shebang
to either point to a static image or a folder containing a png animation.

Enjoy!
